uptick microsoft ads (#112)
fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_ad_reporting v1.8.0

> Tiny release here!
> 
> [PR #103](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/pull/103) just upticks the `microsoft_ads` dependency following the a major release. Refer to the Microsoft Ads v0.8.0 [release notes](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads/releases/tag/v0.8.0) for what exact updates have been included.
> 

Reviewer: Can we actually still have this be part of a sub section, just to keep the same structure as the other releases. For example something like the following:
```suggestion

[PR #103](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/pull/103) includes the following update:

## Dependency Updates
- Tiny update which upticks the `microsoft_ads` dependency following a recent major release. Refer to the Microsoft Ads v0.8.0 [release notes](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads/releases/tag/v0.8.0) for what exact updates have been included.
```
